# CS-330-Comp-Graphic-Visualization

How do I approach designing software?

    - I approach designing software like i approach any task. I begin by identifying what is being asked of me and creating a clear path to its completion. Initially, I start by outlining the requirements and aspects of the project that I will need to complete, and then create a schedule to which I will adhere to for finishing the project. I like to also approach designing new software as an exercise in learning a new idea or concept. If I already understand the basics of how something should work, it is best to use this time to learn and cultivate new practices and concepts. Some new design skills my work on the project has helped me to craft are an understanding of textures and hwo they are applied to objects, as well as how to conceptually apply fewer vertices to an object for an equal outcome. The design process I followed is exactly what I have outlined above, with additional time for researching and identifying new and potentially helpful techniques. These tactics can be applied to future work very easily as they are very universally adaptible. Preperation can very consistently aid in the success of any project.

How do I approach developing programs?

    - I approach developing programs from an objective standpoint. I break everything down into different objectives, and then work to complete each of the objectives I set out for myself. In terms of new strategies, I worked largely on cultivating a higher proficiency of coding more efficiently while working on larger projects. For exampl, in this project, I worked a lot on specific areas of the project and fine tuning those before moving on to other areas of the project. This kept me focused and single minded in my goal. Iterations also played a big role in development. Having multiple iterations made me realize that not everything will be correct on the first go around, no matter how hard I work towards it. It is imprtant to rememmmber that in the professional world, things change and the needs of a project are no different. Overall, my approach to developping code through the milestones has been a progressive journey. in the first few weeks of the course, I was recreating the miletone in new projects every time so that I could get practice at some of the basics of setting up openGL in the space, but my approach changed from there in terms of my development for the project as I started to work on things that weren't neccesary for the iteration I was working on at that time.

How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?

    - Computational graphics and vizualizations have given me new knowledge and skill sets that can be further appleid to my educational endeavors in a few ways. Although my understandiung of the subject is still far from complete, I feel as though I have a deeper appreciation for wehat goes into 3D modeling and utilziation of graphics related resources. Overall, I see this as helping me reach my computer science goals in the sense that i am still not entirely sure what I would like to do in this field, and this course has given me a better understanding of some of the fundamentals of openGL.
